c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Capstone\Capstone\Capstone\bin\Xbox 360\Debug\Content\dirtygrass.xnb
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Capstone\Capstone\Capstone\bin\Xbox 360\Debug\Content\rock.xnb
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Capstone\Capstone\Capstone\bin\Xbox 360\Debug\Content\snow.xnb
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Capstone\Capstone\Capstone\bin\Xbox 360\Debug\Content\grassy.xnb
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Capstone\Capstone\Capstone\bin\Xbox 360\Debug\Content\heightmap2.xnb
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Capstone\Capstone\Capstone\bin\Xbox 360\Debug\Content\head.xnb
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Capstone\Capstone\Capstone\bin\Xbox 360\Debug\Content\jacket.xnb
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Capstone\Capstone\Capstone\bin\Xbox 360\Debug\Content\pants.xnb
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Capstone\Capstone\Capstone\bin\Xbox 360\Debug\Content\upBodyC.xnb
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Capstone\Capstone\Capstone\bin\Xbox 360\Debug\Content\FancyTerrain.xnb
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Capstone\Capstone\Capstone\bin\Xbox 360\Debug\Content\fps.xnb
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Capstone\Capstone\Capstone\bin\Xbox 360\Debug\Content\dude.xnb
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Capstone\Capstone\Capstone\bin\Xbox 360\Debug\Content\head_0.xnb
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Capstone\Capstone\Capstone\bin\Xbox 360\Debug\Content\jacket_0.xnb
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Capstone\Capstone\Capstone\bin\Xbox 360\Debug\Content\pants_0.xnb
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Capstone\Capstone\Capstone\bin\Xbox 360\Debug\Content\upBodyC_0.xnb
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Capstone\Capstone\Capstone\bin\Xbox 360\Debug\Capstone.exe
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Capstone\Capstone\Capstone\bin\Xbox 360\Debug\Capstone.pdb
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Capstone\Capstone\Capstone\bin\Xbox 360\Debug\SkinnedModel.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Capstone\Capstone\Capstone\bin\Xbox 360\Debug\SkinnedModel.pdb
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Capstone\Capstone\Capstone\obj\Xbox 360\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Capstone\Capstone\Capstone\obj\Xbox 360\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Capstone\Capstone\Capstone\obj\Xbox 360\Debug\Capstone.exe
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Capstone\Capstone\Capstone\obj\Xbox 360\Debug\Capstone.pdb
